GHOST: Previously on Power...
TOMMY: Me and Ghost
killed Lobos to start over,
but it was never about that.
He just admitted that he
and St. Patrick killed Lobos.
There's nothing that
ties that to St. Patrick.
I know Tommy Egan
killed Ruiz,
and I know the two of you
killed Lobos together.
[ silenced gunshot ]
You are under arrest
for the murder
of Special Agent
Gregory Knox.
I don't want you discussing your
father's arrest with anyone.
He did that shit.
He guilty as fuck.
I knew it.
[ bone cracks ]
[ grunts ]
His business partner's
a guy named named Thomas Egan.
Milan is gone.
I'm the new connect now.
GHOST: Andre,
I'm gonna need you to step up.
I got everything on lock.
GHOST: What are you doing
to get me out?
PROCTOR: They got your
fingerprints and your DNA
under Greg's fingernails.
I don't know what
other evidence they got.
Got something.
They think you killed Greg
to protect Tommy.
I think they're gonna try
and prove that Tommy is Ghost
so they can prosecute
both of you guys.
Murder one for St. Patrick.
- We're gonna bury him.
MAK: Literally.
DOJ approved the death penalty.
Tommy,
I need you to
take care of my family.
I got you.
[ tense music ]
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big, rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns, bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live, I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey, I grew up in hell
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes
they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow, bag it
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it, man
in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal, royal flow
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes
and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that
I'm moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big, rich town ♪
♪ Yeah, I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
♪
[ Massive Attack's
"Ritual Spirit" ]
♪
[ traffic blaring ]
[ church bell tolls ]
[ dramatic whoosh ]
[ music builds ]
[ elevator chimes ]
AZEKEL: ♪ Who'll mend
this broke beat star ♪
♪ Who's strength do
I speak of ♪
[ elevator chimes ]
AZEKEL:
♪ Climbing deep burning ♪
♪ Climbing deeper ♪
♪ Kinda deep burning ♪
[ church bell tolling ]
AZEKEL: ♪ Who's words
that I spoke now storm ♪
♪ I keep it turning ♪
♪ It's climbing deep burning ♪
♪ Climbing deeper ♪
♪ Kinda deeper ♪
[ church bell resonating ]
[ dramatic whoosh ]
♪
Proctor should be here
in a minute.
You get any sleep?
[ door clanks shut, locks ]
[ soft laugh ]
So,
did you do it?
No.
I didn't do it.
Indignant.
Juries don't find that likable.
We'll have to work on that.
[ door clanks open ]
Hey, James.
You already met Terry?
Not exactly.
James St. Patrick,
Terry Silver.
Silver's gonna be
our second-chair counsel.
He has a three-to-one
success rate
against federal
capital punishment cases.
Silver, why don't you tell James
what we discussed?
The Feds are gonna argue
that you killed Agent Knox
to protect Thomas Egan
from prosecution
from the death of Felipe Lobos.
Now, I understand from Joe
that you're still
very close with Egan.
I am.
SILVER: So we can't
attack the motive, but
if we can establish an alibi
or at least a timeline
that makes you killing
Agent Knox impossible,
motive won't matter.
I want you to walk me through
the day Agent Knox was killed.
Don't leave anything out.
We already went through this.
BOTH: Go through it again.
I got to Truth in the morning.
[ soft music ]
I met with you, Proctor,
and Karen Bassett.
I was there the rest of the day,
and then...
[ soft scoff ]
I can't protect you
unless I know everything, so...
[ ambient music ]
♪
And then I broke
into Greg's apartment,
looking for any sign that he
and Angela were back together.
I heard about
you and AUSA Valdes.
I didn't kill him,
all right?
I went in.
He wasn't there.
I looked around; I left.
That was it.
[ scoffs ]
No, I know.
Not helpful.
Not at all.
♪
Wait a minute.
His phone wasn't there.
Why does that matter?
I was helping AUSA Valdes
look for a suspected mole
in her office,
a prosecutor,
a federal agent who
was working with Lobos.
It matches the phone I found
when we were
looking for the mole.
But it wasn't there
when I was in Knox's apartment,
so I'm telling you
whoever killed him
must have left that phone
to frame him.
It worked.
It's a nice story.
Do you have any proof?
No, I don't.
[ music broods ]
I'm telling you,
I didn't do this.
I'm not here to judge
your innocence, brother.
I'm here to save your life.
Go.
I release you.
Go get smarter
than your Uncle Tommy.
- All right, see ya.
TOMMY: All right.
'Riq,
'Riq, hold up a minute.
See you, Baby Girl.
See ya.
[ indistinct chatter ]
[ ignition clicks ]
Yo, man,
what's up with you?
Why all the shade to your mom?
Oh, it's nothing.
I-I'm fine.
'Riq, it's an uncle's job
to make sure you're all right.
Look, I know it's hard on you.
It's hard on everyone,
including your mom.
She needs your help.
I don't really care
about helping her
or my dad right now.
I don't even care
if he goes away.
Probably did it anyway.
Yeah, well,
he told me that he didn't.
Uncle Tommy,
he lies about everything.
Pretty sure he's
lying about this too.
Yeah, he don't always
tell the truth.
I don't always trust him either.
But Tariq,
I swear to God,
I do about this.
Look, Tariq,
I didn't have a dad.
No one looking out for me
at all when I was your age.
Whatever may be true about him,
your dad would never
put our family at risk
by shooting that cop.
Maybe you haven't been around
us that much until now, but
the family's not that
important to him anymore.
[ school bell rings ]
I'm late.
All right.
Go do good.
[ car door shuts ]
Hmm.
[ inhales sharply ]
Julio Antonio Moreno.
- It's "hoo-lio."
- Hm?
It--
How long have you known, uh,
James St. Patrick
and Tommy Egan?
Can you really
ever know anybody?
[ soft laugh ]
You know, I know I
can do this all day.
[ soft music ]
MIKE: Andre Coleman.
Misdemeanor theft,
charge of felony assault,
dropped,
and a felony conviction of
possession with
intent to distribute.
When did you meet
James St. Patrick
and Tommy Egan?
That's not in your
little sheet there, bro.
♪
Look, man, I met them working
at their Wash 'N Fold, okay?
I worked for
James' club, Truth.
SAXE: And aside from
the Wash 'N Folds,
were St. Patrick and Egan in
any other businesses together?
Did St. Patrick ever
help his buddy Egan
working for the Lobos Cartel?
Who?
[ suspenseful music ]
I don't know who
you're talking about.
No?
MIKE: What about Greg Knox?
Ever overhear St. Patrick
mention him?
How he might plan to kill him
to protect himself or Egan?
DRE: Absolutely not.
James isn't the type of guy
who would... kill somebody.
SAXE: So then you wouldn't
know anything about St. Patrick
planning the murder
of Agent Greg Knox
to protect Tommy Egan?
Nah.
That sounds like a crime to me.
And I happen to be
totally clean, so...
[ laughs ]
Totally clean?
[ soft laugh ]
Because, uh, that,
would suggest that
you're a member of
the Toros Locos gang.
Unless you just have problems
remembering your phone number
or need a faster way
to end job interviews?
I used to be a Toro, bro.
Kay?
Not anymore.
God, that's--
that's funny.
Aren't the Toros
"blood in, blood out"?
Well, you see,
the Wash N' Fold,
it offered me
better medical and dental.
Look,
you seem like a smart...
ish guy.
If you're dirty,
I'm gonna find out.
You shouldn't be
so loyal to St. Patrick.
I doubt he'd be
that loyal to you.
DRE: See, you gotta
understand this.
Most people like James
who make it out the hood,
they turn their back on it.
He ain't like that.
He hires people who...
who fucked up,
like me.
That man looked out for me
when he didn't have to.
He put himself on the line
and made a deal
to get me out of
the Toros Locos.
He couldn'ta killed anybody.
That's who he is.
You've known Tommy and Tasha
a long time.
Tommy since Tasha met James,
about 13 years?
I know Tommy.
Not that well.
So you can't describe
the nature of
his relationship
with James St. Patrick?
[ soft laugh ]
They're men.
They play video games
and watch football.
Right.
Tasha's really your friend.
Since the second grade.
And I don't care
what you ask me,
I ain't gonna say
nothing against her.
I wouldn't ask you to do that.
I just want to
clarify some facts.
When did James St. Patrick
move out of
the marital residence?
[ laughs ]
I think you know
the answer to that one.
Please answer the question.
A little while ago.
But he moved back in.
To sleep in the office,
I think.
Since you're friends so long,
I'm sure you knew
Tasha sold her wedding ring,
right?
If that's what it says.
She didn't tell you?
[ soft music ]
When exactly did you start
receiving her
personal bank statements?
I don't know.
I ain't the god damn
post office.
Ms. Grant,
you don't have a record.
You haven't committed a crime.
As far as I can tell,
you're a good person.
Answer my questions
and you can get back
to your life,
your shop, your son.
If you don't cooperate,
I can't help you.
[ tense music ]
See, the thing is,
you already know
the answers to these
questions you askin' me.
You know when he moved out,
when he was
sleeping on the couch,
when she sold her ring.
Because of you.
He left her
for you.
So to your knowledge,
they were no longer functioning
as husband and wife?
♪
PROCTOR: And that's all
you said?
Yeah.
I didn't say anything bad,
T, trust me.
Hm.
I only copped to
the shit about
you and James
that Angela already knew.
There's no
incriminating information
you could have told her, right?
No.
But you shoulda
kept your damn mouth shut.
I did the best I could.
Why the fuck was she
asking me all that anyway?
Because she's a bitch!
Well, actually,
Mrs. St. Patrick--
What?
Well, if they can prove that
your marriage to James
was really over, a business
arrangement at this point,
they may be able
to break spousal privilege.
Shit.
The fuck does that mean?
Angela would argue
before a judge that
you are now more of
an accomplice than a wife.
She could force you
to testify against James.
And if you refuse,
she could prosecute you.
[ sighs ]
Even if all you could say
is that
James wasn't home
the night Agent Knox was killed,
a jury would take that
very seriously.
So now she's coming after me?
I knew this would happen.
All right, don't worry.
PROCTOR: We will protect you.
That's what we're here for.
But from now on,
no talking to anyone
without us present.
That goes for both of you.
Kay?
It's gonna be all right.
[ sighs ]
Do you really think
she would testify against him?
If they threaten her
with prosecution?
She got three very good
reasons to talk.
We gotta get that DNA
thrown out.
[ elevator chimes ]
[ sighs ]
[ soft music ]
I'm sorry, T.
[ elevator rumbles ]
No.
Listen, 'Keisha,
I'll protect you.
They ain't never
getting shit from me.
♪
[ indistinct talking ]
[ suspenseful music ]
♪
[ door buzzes, clanks ]
[ phone beeps ]
[ line trilling ]
SAMMY: Hey, Tony.
Sammy.
What'd you raise on Egan?
SAMMY: He's a boss from Queens.
Come up with some moolie
who went by "Ghost."
Started out slinging dope
on the corners,
worked their way up.
I don't know who the fuck
this Ghost is though.
[ tense music ]
♪
So what you assholes
are telling me is that
not only did we not get anything
from the people
we interviewed that
were actually criminals,
but St. Patrick is the hood's
fairy fuckin' godmother?
SAXE:
Moreno and Coleman both said
St. Patrick saved them
from the streets.
It's bullshit.
Moreno wouldn't talk
unless we had something on him.
Same with Coleman
and his choir boy routine.
I got a Josh Kantos.
Former manager
at the Truth nightclub
when Egan and St. Patrick
were co-owners.
Says he's got information, but
he's demanding full immunity.
He's shopping for
an insurance policy,
or he has an axe to grind.
Either way, he's a soft snitch.
I don't like it.
Angela, did you get anything?
The LaKeisha Grant interview
was productive.
I think I could
make a convincing argument
to break spousal privilege, but
I don't know if that's
the route we should take.
We need the option to call
Tasha St. Patrick as a witness.
The jury will eat that up,
so would the press.
I'm not sure she would talk.
MIKE: But Proctor
won't be sure either.
So it's pressure at the least,
putting her on the witness list.
If we threaten her
with prosecution
and she doesn't talk,
are we going through with it?
Their kids are blameless, John.
Is that our goal,
to put them in the system?
Our goal is to put
a murderer in jail.
MAK: He should have
thought about his kids
before he pulled that trigger.
What kind of man
is St. Patrick, Angela?
You know him best.
Did he do this or not?
He did it.
Then his kids
are collateral damage.
Not our concern.
We go for the win.
[ brooding music ]
Yo-yo-yo, stop!
Where you going?
Why would you move that here?
What are yous doing?
You guys always move shit
in the fucking wrong place.
Hey, hey.
- Where's Julio?
- What?
Our new distributor?
He is nowhere to be found,
and I just got word
we are getting
our first shipment in two days.
The first shipment
under our management.
Tommy, we cannot have
any mistakes.
Chicago's already pissed
that Ghost's legal woes
are not over.
Any investigation into
a man connected to us
is big fucking problem.
Yeah, all right, well,
I got all this shit
to deal with, all right?
Just--relax.
This ain't my first
dog and pony show.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- I got it.
- Good.
'Cause it doesn't matter
how many eyes are
on you right now.
Chicago expects us
to keep product running
through the club,
no exceptions.
♪
It's what we offered them,
when we sold them
on killing Milan.
Turn up your fuckin'
Beltones, Petar.
I got this.
[ dramatic music ]
[ indistinct chatter ]
[ cell phone chimes ]
ETHAN: Hey, Baby Girl.
Funny, um, your dad didn't
mention murder on Career Day.
[ boy laughs ]
Shut up, Ethan.
What, are you gonna cry?
[ melancholy music ]
Think she's gonna cry?
[ laughter ]
♪
RAINA: 'Riq, let go!
Come on, 'Riq,
just, please, let go!
♪
Tell the office
I went home sick.
[ startles ]
The fuck are you guys
looking at?
[ exhales ]
[ indistinct talking ]
RAINA: 'Riq!
Tariq, stop.
Just wait!
[ sighs ]
[ somber music ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Mr. St. Patrick,
if your DNA was planted--
Not "if."
It was planted.
Then that means
one of three things.
It's an out-and-out fraud,
a lab mistake,
or they had to
collect the skin cells
from somewhere
in order to plant them.
Did you have any contact at all
with Agent Knox that day,
before or after
you broke into his apartment?
Well, yeah, after, when
he pulled me over that night
like I told Angela.
Wait, what?
Valdes knows
the pull-over happened?
Fuck yeah, she knew.
I told her the next day.
Motherfucker slammed me
against my car.
[ brooding music ]
Ohh, fuck me.
That's how they found
my DNA on him.
When he put
his fucking hands on me.
GHOST: Ohh, shit, Proctor.
Here, look at
the prosecution's timeline
of Agent Knox's movements
that day.
He went to the Ruiz crime scene,
the office,
and he called and visited
a man named Bailey Markham.
Nothing about a traffic stop.
PROCTOR: Even though Valdes
knows it happened.
I think I know how we can
get the DNA thrown out.
Mm-hmm.
So have your investigators
find any record
of that pull-over they can.
I'm on it.
[ dramatic music ]
[ door clanks open ]
We're gonna need your testimony
to lay the timeline
of Agent Knox's movements
the day he was killed.
He both called and visited you.
Knox came to me
to discuss his suspicions
of St. Patrick and Egan.
MAK: Suspicions?
Knox and Egan
were working together.
He gave Egan
the inside information
that got Lobos killed.
So you're committed
to this bullshit
about Knox being the mole?
MIKE: I know it's hard
to accept.
But I'm sorry, it's true.
It's not true.
He called me that night
to tell me
he could prove Angela Valdes
was Lobos' inside man.
Why did he call you?
How did you know
he called AUSA Sandoval?
What exactly do you do
at Homeland, sir?
What makes you think
Greg was the mole?
Agent Markham, we have
a piece of evidence
that we found in
Agent Knox's possession...
- What's the evidence?
- ...that directly implicates
him as the leak.
He was one of very few
that knew the specifics
of Lobos' transfer.
He also--
Valdes helped
St. Patrick and Egan before.
Hasn't she?
Look, we're all here
to put away St. Patrick, right?
So we disagree on motive.
As long as we get the win,
what does the story matter?
The truth matters.
I can help you make
your case against St. Patrick,
if you investigate
Valdes as the mole
and present Greg
as what he was, a good man
who was killed
in the line of duty.
I can't make that promise.
[ dramatic music ]
Well, I got nothing else to say.
♪
Did Angela ask you
anything about me?
No.
She wanted to know
about Ghost and Tasha.
- Mm.
- Like when he moved out.
When she sold her ring.
- And Proctor said that if--
- Proctor?
You talked to Proctor?
Yeah.
What did he want?
He said
Angela could force Tasha
to snitch on Ghost.
Something about her not being
his wife but his accomplice.
What?
Bullshit.
No.
They said if she says no,
they can arrest her.
And you know if they do that,
she gonna give us up, Tommy,
to protect her kids.
[ distant traffic honks ]
Nah.
I wouldn't even blame her.
I mean, what are we
supposed to do
if Tasha starts talking?
She won't.
'Keisha, she won't,
and they won't.
You know Tasha.
She's harder than...
Chinese algebra.
All right, she ain't
gonna give up you or anybody.
Come here.
Listen to me,
Proctor ain't gonna
let that happen.
Okay?
[ exhales ]
He ain't gonna let
nothin' happen to anybody.
[ hip-hop music playing ]
♪
It's like a formula.
That's enough for this size.
You a'ight?
What's wrong with you,
little nigga?
You look all fucked up.
Dad, he might get the--
the death penalty
for killing that FBI agent.
Everybody in school's
talking about it.
Wonder how long my mom knew.
She ain't say a fucking word.
Hey, try not to think
about that family shit.
It don't matter.
What you gotta do
is take care of you, right?
Remember the plans
I was talking about?
Well, it's time.
Ready to do some work?
I'm ready.
A'ight.
♪
[ office phone
ringing distantly ]
Hi...
Bailey.
Greg's friend.
Your sister never called me
after the double date.
Oh, right.
Right.
I hope it's all right,
me dropping by.
Sure.
Come in.
It's been a while.
Actually, I saw you
at Greg's funeral.
Seemed like you were
trying to stay out of sight.
Yeah...
I didn't think Greg's family
would want to see me.
Yeah, I don't know
if they blame you,
but I do.
I know Greg was
so focused on St. Patrick
because of you.
If you had never left Greg
for St. Patrick
in the first place,
Greg would still be alive.
Yes.
Being with James St. Patrick was
the biggest mistake of my life.
I blame myself too.
Is that what you want to hear?
And now it seems
the best possible outcome
ends with both
Greg and Jamie dead.
That's the remedy
our justice system offers,
an eye for an eye.
But I am going
to see this through.
I would do anything
to get justice for Greg.
Anything?
Then you should clear his name
and finally admit
to being the mole.
I won't confess
to something I didn't do.
You're talking about justice,
but you won't do
what it takes to get it?
You testify about St. Patrick;
I'll testify about Greg
trying to nail you both.
You go to jail;
St. Patrick gets the needle;
and Greg gets colors
on his grave.
Everybody gets
what they deserve.
[ door opens ]
[ door shuts ]
[ muffled club music pounding ]
♪
DRE: Ellen, nice work.
I'm good with my hands.
Yeah, I bet you can
handle two at a time.
[ door opens ]
What are you doing here, man?
We gotta talk, bro.
[ clears throat ]
DRE: What's up?
What'd the Feds ask you about?
Usual shit, just fishing
for anything on Ghost and Tommy.
You?
Same, man.
Yeah.
So what'd you tell 'em?
[ scoffs ]
Not a goddamn thing.
[ sniffs ] Good.
So listen up, man, we got
way too much heat right now
to keep dealing in the club.
So we gonna shut it down.
A'ight?
Girls, you can stop.
You're done.
[ door opens ]
[ door shuts ]
Soo.
I forgot to finish
the liquor inventory
at the VIP bar last night.
Could you do
a bottle check for me?
- Sure.
- A'ight.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[ ominous dramatic music ]
All right, listen,
you keep prepping these
and don't say shit
to anybody else,
especially her.
♪
You and Greg were friends,
at least he thought so.
[ distant ship horn blares ]
I need your help.
I have a recording from a CI
Greg was running off the books
to collar St. Patrick.
But instead,
he got Egan confessing
to killing Lobos with Ghost.
You fuckin' serious?
With Ghost?
You mean Ghost and Egan
aren't the same guy?
We might be able
to clear Greg's name with it.
Does Egan identify Ghost
on the tape?
No.
Does he identify Angela
as the inside man?
No.
Then it contradicts
our narrative that Egan is Ghost
and St. Patrick was
just one of his associates,
but it doesn't prove
St. Patrick is Ghost.
And it does nothing to clear
Greg's name as the mole.
Yes, it does.
It changes the motive.
I think St. Patrick killed Greg
to stop him from arresting
Egan, Valdes, and himself.
St. Patrick is still the doer,
but Greg is not the mole.
[ sighs ]
Fuck me in the ass.
Nice of you to join us.
Yo.
I just got questioned
by the Feds, bro.
- [ sighs ]
- So did Dre.
Look, they just fishing for
anything they can get, Tommy.
We're all good.
Yeah.
[ soft music ]
You all right?
Yeah, I just gotta
talk to somebody,
go get this warehouse in order.
The Serbs fucked
everything up again.
Our first shipment
is coming in two days.
- Yo, J.
- What's up?
This is the most important
shipment of your fucking life.
[ brooding dramatic music ]
♪
[ indistinct talking ]
[ breathes deeply ]
You know,
most guys, they come in here,
they want everybody to know
how tough they are.
But you're hiding it.
When Biscuit
tried to fuck with you,
you snapped his wrist like
it was a fucking breadstick.
And there ain't no
candy-ass businessman
who can do that.
Listen, old man, I was
just trying to defend myself
like anybody else would.
No.
No, no.
[ chuckles ]
Not like anybody else, pal.
You knew exactly
what you were doing.
You just don't want
anybody to know who you are.
Right, Ghost?
[ suspenseful music ]
Wrong guy.
No.
You and Tommy Egan,
you come up together,
pushing drugs in Queens.
I said I don't know
what you're talking about.
[ distant door buzzes ]
All right, wrong guy.
All right.
Then you won't mind if I go to
that chink prosecutor
with this, will you?
Mak?
What do you think he's
gonna do if I go to him
and tell him I got proof
that you're Ghost?
How fast do you think
you'll get the needle then?
- Huh?
- What proof?
I ain't telling you shit.
You're either gonna pay me
and I'll keep my mouth shut
or you ain't gonna pay me
and I ain't gonna
keep my mouth shut.
Now, what's it gonna be?
♪
What's your fucking price?
Bingo.
20,000
to this address.
And then every week after that.
And I want Egan
to make the drop.
'Cause ain't nobody else
gonna be as committed
to making sure I get my money
and that I lose
my singing voice.
Okay?
You get that done.
[ brooding music ]
♪
Hey, Tommy,
I was gonna call you.
What the fuck is going on?
How close are the Feds
to bringing the heat down on us?
Us?
Wh-- slow down.
What are you talking about?
Julio, Dre,
LaKeisha Grant,
all getting pulled in.
She told me something
bout the Feds trying
to force Tasha
to snitch on Ghost?
That's just a theory I have
about one of the prosecution's
angles about the case.
- We won't know anything till--
- No.
We are never gonna know
because you're gonna make sure
that never happens.
This heat never touches
Tasha and the kids
or LaKeisha.
She good people;
she don't deserve this.
Tommy,
don't worry, okay?
They just turning up
the pressure
to see who will make a mistake.
They want everyone
close to James
to have this reaction.
If everybody plays it straight,
everything's gonna be fine.
How involved is LaKeisha anyway?
She's just a family friend,
right?
She known me and Ghost
a long time, all right?
She seen some things.
But she ain't about
that life, you know?
You make sure she
doesn't know anything real
about your drug business.
Because she's a weak link.
[ distant traffic honking ]
[ exhales sharply ]
You--you--
you have the stuff for my ex?
[ siren wailing distantly ]
Tommy, it ain't
a good situation,
but I got it under control.
Just gotta stay cool
and trust me.
Trust you?
[ sniffs ]
Yeah, you're Ghost's lawyer.
I'll never forget that.
Yeah, I'm yours too.
I don't have a choice, right?
[ distant indistinct talking ]
Thanks.
[ door clanks shut, locks ]
Met with Tommy Egan last night.
And this is the list
of people the Feds
are questioning
as potential witnesses
against James.
And why did you meet with Egan?
I represented Tommy
before James.
You--
[ scoffs ]
If you represented Egan,
you can't represent St. Patrick.
That's a clear
conflict of interest.
You have to recuse yourself.
There's no conflict.
St. Patrick and Egan's
interests are the same.
- St. Patrick goes home...
- [ scoffs ]
...everybody's happy.
I hired you because
you get innocent guys off.
You get results.
I don't need
a portable bar committee.
Innocent?
St. Patrick?
Look, I can't find any record
of that traffic stop.
The--how do you know
he's not lying?
Just because he says
he told Valdes
doesn't make it true.
It's true.
James wouldn't lie to me.
Why?
Because he's special?
He ain't like the other boys?
[ soft laugh ]
What makes you
trust him so much?
Is there something
you need to tell me
about your relationship
with St. Patrick?
With Egan? 'Cause I see
you handling their needs
like a goddamn concierge, Joe.
Staking your reputation
on these cats isn't smart.
And you're one of the smartest
lawyers I know, so...
Look,
I been doing this
long enough to know
St. Patrick's not scared
because he's innocent.
He's scared because
he finally got caught.
If James said
the traffic stop happened,
it happened.
You come back to me
with proof of the pull-over,
not excuses.
We're filing a motion
to dismiss the DNA.
[ distant showers running ]
What do you want, Saxe?
[ soft scoff ]
Okay--uh, hypothetically,
what would happen
if I had a recording
that implicated
Egan and St. Patrick
of the Lobos kill?
Why am I only
hearing about this now?
And where did
this recording come from?
Hypothetically, now, Judge,
it was, um,
obtained from an illegal CI
that Knox was running him
off the books.
Score another one
for your crooked cop.
[ soft scoff ]
Your Honor,
uh, Knox was right
about a lot of things.
The CI recorded Egan
admitting that he killed Lobos
a-and potentially
implicating St. Patrick.
Your colleagues don't know that
we're having this
conversation, do they?
[ soft scoff ]
It's just a hypothetical.
Yeah, hypothetically, John Mak
would eat your fucking face off
if he knew you were here.
An illegal wiretap
off a bootleg CI?
[ soft scoff ]
Look, I hope you can prove
that Egan killed Lobos,
and if St. Patrick
is involved, even better.
But I can tell you
conclusively,
there is no chance of ever
hearing that
inadmissible bullshit
play in my court.
I-y--uh--
I'm gonna fuck off.
Yeah, fuck right off.
Okay.
[ clears throat ]
[ exhales ]
[ distant indistinct talking ]
Hey.
I need you to do me a solid.
Need you to find out anything
you can on a Tony Teresi.
He's an inmate in here.
Ye--I gotta be careful,
James.
Every time I stick
my neck out for you,
I open myself up for exposure.
He called me "Ghost."
[ dramatic music ]
- [ soft scoff ]
- Didn't bat an eye.
And he asked for money
to keep his mouth shut,
so I think we're way past
possible exposure, Joe.
What did you do?
What do you mean,
what did I do?
How did he figure it out?
I was gonna ask you
how he fuckin' figured it out.
You started without me?
Anything on the pull-over?
[ door clanks shut ]
Not yet.
I'm still looking.
You got everybody on it, right?
The whole team of investigator--
If it's there, we'll find--
[ door clanks open ]
♪
I'd like a meeting
with him alone.
[ scoffs ]
- Out of the question.
- No chance.
[ tense music ]
My lawyers stay
right here, Angela.
I don't trust you.
[ somber music ]
♪
[ door clanks, locks ]
What is this?
Why-why are you here, huh?
Confess to killing Greg,
give us Tommy
for the Lobos murder,
and I promise
I'll get your sentence reduced
as much as I can.
I won't confess
to something I didn't do.
[ tender music ]
Jamie, we'll break
spousal privilege
and force Tasha to testify
as your accomplice.
And if she refuses,
we'll prosecute her.
What will happen to your kids
if you and Tasha
both go to jail?
If you die by lethal injection,
will Yasmine even remember you?
♪
I'm being framed.
I was at Truth the whole night.
Angela, think, okay?
Whoever killed Greg Knox
was careless.
You know me.
You know I'm not careless--
SILVER: James.
Don't say anything else, kay?
ANGELA: James, stop it.
Stop lying.
You did it.
I know you did it.
I'm being set up.
You set me up, huh?
Is that why you want me
to take your deal?
If you're a man
with any ounce of goodness
left in you,
the man I thought you were,
take this deal, stay alive,
and spare your wife and kids
all the pain
you're causing them.
I'm only thinking about them,
my family.
[ dramatic music ]
We both know,
when you want something,
your family doesn't matter.
No one matters but you.
The offer's on the table.
Think about it.
[ knocking on door ]
[ door clanks open ]
♪
We should--
we should discuss this offer.
How much time
they might ask for.
- James...
- What they require you to--
This is bullshit.
She doesn't have the authority
to make this kind of a deal.
Now, you know that.
Listen-listen,
put this out of your mind.
We'll talk tomorrow.
Don't make any decisions.
Get to the bottom of this shit,
and it is bullshit.
[ tense music ]
♪
[ door clanks open ]
Hey. You don't know for sure
she's not authorized.
And you can't tell him
not to take that deal.
John Mak would never send
Angela down here to flip James.
That smug prick
would want this moment
all for himself.
She is uniquely qualified
to fuck with our client's head.
Or at least, my client.
I don't know who
you're serving, Joe.
James.
I'm serving James.
And he's innocent, Silver.
Even if that is true,
Valdes is right, man.
We're gonna lose this.
If James--James--
is really your client,
then tell him to turn on Egan.
Or walk away.
[ tense music ]
[ energetic dubstep music ]
♪
Yo, yo!
You gonna leave it there?
Tickleshit, Dookie Shoes,
you think that you can
put that table
within missile range of the bar?
All right, everybody!
Listen up!
In order for this to work,
can't nothing go wrong.
No felonies.
Everybody gonna buy in
off-premises.
And no cash on site.
Bring everything in
through the front door.
And make sure
you're seen doing it.
But bring the customers in
around the back,
so they ain't seen.
That's it.
All right?
Let's get it done.
♪
I need a minute,
and it can't wait.
What's up?
Julio shut down
the drugs in the club
'cause he thinks
we got too much heat.
Look, I'm telling you,
my bottle system is on lock.
Fuck.
The Serbs need that club money.
Listen, you keep running
the product through the club.
- A'ight.
- But don't get pinched.
I can't deal with
one single fuck up.
Come on, man, trust me.
I got it.
- Anything else?
- Yeah.
Got scooped up by the Feds,
and they brought Julio in too.
Listen, dog, on the real,
I don't know what
the deal is with them,
but they kept him
a lot longer than me.
You know, Dre, you were right
to bring me this information.
But I already knew about Julio.
Now go move that weight.
Got you.
♪
Come out, come out,
wherever you are.
[ door buzzes ]
I blame it on bad parenting.
[ dark music ]
♪
MARSHALL: Lock it up!
[ door clanks ]
♪
[ engine revving on TV ]
[ keys clacking ]
[ ding ]
CALVIN: Hey, you know the code?
The code to turn off damage?
I can't get through
this track without it.
Oh, yeah-yeah, I got you.
Oh, thanks.
[ video game chiming ]
There you go.
[ engine revving on TV ]
Thanks, man.
Now you can finally
get through it
without your training wheels.
[ suspenseful music ]
♪
[ beeping ]
[ elevator chimes ]
Damn, kid.
I wonder what it's like
not to have to worry
about no paper and shit.
That's what we here for.
Take their shit so we
don't have to worry about paper.
Just don't touch nothing
that you can't sell, all right?
A'ight.
Look at this shit.
[ phone ringing ]
[ softly crying ]
[ sighs ]
Hello?
WOMAN: You have
a collect call from the
Manhattan Correctional Center.
Will you accept the charges?
Um, yes.
[ line trills, clicks ]
GHOST: Tasha.
[ distant indistinct talking ]
Are you there?
Yeah.
I'm still here.
I saw the photo...
of Raina
in the newspaper.
How is she?
She's...
she's not okay.
I mean, she blames herself.
She's doing her best
to soldier on,
but I don't think
she can handle it.
Can I--can I talk to her?
[ sighs ]
Yeah.
Come here, baby.
It's your father.
Daddy, I'm sorry.
Oh-no-shh-shh-shh.
Don't say that.
I'm sorry.
GHOST: I know how hard
this is on you.
Are they going to kill you?
No, Baby Girl.
[ gentle music ]
Nobody can kill your daddy.
We're gonna beat this.
♪
I promise.
Baby Girl,
Baby Girl...
- It's all right.
- [ crying ]
Come here.
She can't talk.
She really can't.
Look, I gotta go.
Let me go ahead
and take care of her.
Tasha, thank you.
Good-bye, James.
[ beeps ]
[ dial tone beeping ]
[ door buzzes ]
[ ominous music ]
♪
[ sirens wailing distantly ]
So far, nobody's made a move,
but I'm pretty sure
I shook all the trees.
Unless you have
my teriyaki sliders,
you better start talking.
[ brooding music ]
Something I couldn't tell you
yesterday in front of John.
Can I sit down?
Yeah.
[ indistinct talking on TV ]
The night he died,
Greg called me
to tell me his theory
that Angela Valdes
is the mole
and that she's been aiding
St. Patrick and Egan all along.
Did you think he was right?
I've never believed
Greg was the mole,
but that's the story
John wants to push to the jury.
And I tried to have him look
at other suspects, Valdes...
- [ sighs ]
- But when they found that phone
and given Greg's record,
they wouldn't hear it.
Now I don't know what to do.
I have a piece of evidence
that suggests
Greg wasn't killed
because he was the mole,
but it is inadmissible.
[ soft laugh ]
W-what is it?
Maybe I can work around it.
This isn't the right
time or place.
But if we work together,
I think it should be enough
to spook St. Patrick
into flipping on Egan.
At the least,
they both do time
and Greg gets exonerated.
Just let me know
where you'd like to meet.
Yeah.
I'll be in touch.
[ ominous brooding music ]
♪
[ distant indistinct talking ]
[ door locks ]
I looked into that Teresi guy.
- Yeah.
- Nasty fucker.
He was with Bell Boulevard Crew
back in the day.
Ran a hit squad.
H-he's implicated
in dozens of murders.
They're trying to nail him
for the Roberto Solletti murder.
Y-you've never heard of Teresi?
Hm.
- From Queens, huh?
- Mm-hmm.
Look, Proctor,
I need you to have Tommy,
and only Tommy,
take $20,000 cash
to the address
underneath my right sleeve.
[ soft sigh ]
James, what is this--
Please, Proctor, not now, okay?
Just do it.
Right sleeve.
[ clears throat ]
Okay, is this
what couldn't wait?
No, it's about the trial, man,
and what it's doing
to my family.
[ exhales ]
You see Raina in the paper?
I did.
- I'm sorry.
- It's your fuckin' fault.
Getting the media involved
in the first fuckin' place.
It was the right move
at the time.
Fuck your right move.
That's my daughter, man.
You got one of those.
Yeah.
And they're just
trying to break you.
Angela's deal...
[ soft music ]
How much time would that be?
[ sighs ] Don't--
How much time would it be?
We will find a way out.
I promise you.
But you have to trust me.
[ melancholy music ]
♪
TARIQ: Come on.
What you want?
[ exhales ]
Why'd you do that
at school the other day?
Oh, you talking bout Ethan?
[ tsks ] Ain't gotta worry
bout that bitch anymore.
If a teacher had seen it, 'Riq,
you'd get suspended--
I don't give a fuck.
[ engine revving on TV ]
If you keep skipping--
- Yo, come on.
- Shut it off.
- If you keep skipping school...
- [ sighs ]
...you're gonna get expelled.
I already messed up
by getting photographed.
We have to be perfect
right now for Dad.
We can't have anything look bad.
And you getting into fights,
I mean, it doesn't
look too great.
Raina, look around.
The club got shot up.
Shawn died.
Now Dad is on trial
for killing some FBI agent.
Think this is all
some type of coincidence?
Everything they're saying
about him's true.
It can't be.
Dad wouldn't kill anybody.
Okay, so why don't we know
anything about them
before we were born?
Why haven't they taken us
to where they grew up?
Because everybody
would know them
for who they really are.
You're supposed to be
the smart one, Raina.
Wake the fuck up.
Move out my way.
Get the fuck out of my room.
[ dramatic music ]
Are we about ready, Mr. Proctor?
[ door opens ]
Oh--okay.
It's all there.
PROCTOR: Your Honor,
I'd like to present evidence
in the motion to dismiss
the DNA against my client
pursuant to a clear misconduct.
- Objection, Your Honor.
- Overruled.
I've found some of
the prosecution's tactics
to be quite questionable,
Mr. Mak.
Mr. Proctor, proceed.
Your Honor, I'd like to play
city traffic camera footage
that is evidence
of a traffic stop
between my client and Agent Knox
from the day he was killed.
MAK: Objection, Your Honor.
The prosecution has no way
to test the authenticity
of this video.
PROCTOR: I'm glad Mr. Mak
mentioned that,
'cause I'd also like to enter
cell phone records
that show both Agent Knox
and Mr. St. Patrick's phones
were pinging off
the closest cell phone tower
to this location
at the exact time
the events
in the video occurred.
Oh.
Objection overruled.
Proceed, Mr. Proctor.
[ brooding music ]
♪
PROCTOR: Your Honor, prosecution
is in clear violation
of the Brady Rule
by not presenting
exculpatory evidence
that is favorable to the
defendant in the criminal case.
They're claiming
Mr. St. Patrick's DNA
under Agent Knox's fingernails
came from a struggle
in the commission of his murder,
when in truth, it came
from Agent Knox's illegal
traffic stop of my client.
Well, this will be
a question of fact for the jury.
I'll admit the video
into evidence,
but I'm not
throwing out the DNA.
I'm sorry, Your Honor, it's--
it's not that simple.
AUSA Angela Valdes
had knowledge of the event
and never presented it
to the court,
even though it was captured
by a city-owned traffic camera.
It's exculpatory evidence
and it was suppressed
by AUSA Valdes.
AUSA Valdes,
please approach the bench.
♪
Is this true?
Did you have knowledge
of this incident?
I did, Your Honor.
Did you share it with anyone
or did you keep it to yourself?
Your Honor, AUSA Valdes
did bring this
to the prosecution's attention,
but since the stop
was never logged by Agent Knox
we believe this information
to be false.
We just didn't pursue it.
But Mr. Proctor
was able to discover the tape.
So either you didn't look,
as you say,
or you knew it was there
and didn't hand it over.
But we'll never know.
So I'll split the baby.
If we allow the DNA evidence
into trial,
I will also allow Mr. Proctor
to imply that you
covered this up intentionally.
That'll bias the jury
against us, Your Honor.
Yeah.
You could withdraw
the DNA evidence, John.
And then I won't mention it.
Your Honor...
It's your call, John.
♪
We withdraw it, Your Honor.
PROCTOR: Your Honor,
the defense moves to have
all the charges dismissed.
TAPPER: Oh, let's not get
ahead of ourselves, Mr. Proctor.
There is still the matter
of the gun and the fingerprints.
The charges will not
be dismissed,
but we are adjourned
for the day.
[ gavel knocks ]
Good work.
[ dramatic whooshing ]
[ bombastic club music playing ]
♪
[ indistinct talking ]
[ man speaking
indistinctly on TV ]
TOMMY: All right.
Let's keep it crackin'.
And remember, if it dies down--
Everybody get a blue chip
on the house.
That's right.
But never interrupt me again.
Spanky, nothing pops off,
all right?
Yo.
Mayweather.
Nothing pops off.
I heard you, motherfucker.
We good.
All right.
I'ma go get the mail.
Get out the way.
Let 'em watch the fight.
Tickleshit, Dookie Shoes.
All right.
This plan gotta go down
just like we planned, all right?
You two ready?
Let's move.
[ suspenseful music ]
♪
[ engine turns over ]
What is this?
Let it go.
Just watch for Egan.
[ dramatic suspense music ]
Let's do this.
Fuck's this all about?
You never know
who you can trust these days.
Right, J?
♪
I'm sorry that I didn't
take the traffic stop
more seriously when
you brought it to me.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
You're back on.
I almost forgot why
you're the most valuable
person on this team.
That's right, I am.
[ pensive music ]
♪
[ exhales ]
Thanks for coming in, Silver.
I appreciate you
finding the tapes.
You're welcome.
Just doing my job.
I'm not--here because
you're innocent, St. Patrick.
I'm here because you can pay
and your money will allow me
to help those
who actually deserve it.
[ laughs ]
Look, man, I admit I need you.
What I don't need
is your judgment.
Wow, that--
that's why you really
called me here?
It kills you, doesn't it?
Someone being able
to see through you,
someone--someone reminding you
that you did it the cheap way,
just like the rest of
these cats in here.
Hey, look, I get it, man.
Y-you have every advantage:
money, polish, intelligence.
And yet still,
your choices brought you here.
Look here, man,
your parents went
to college, right?
Raised you in this
big house, big backyard,
house full of books, right?
Exactly.
So you're the one
with the advantages,
not me.
Look, man,
it's real easy for you
to feel superior
about my choices
when you haven't
had to make 'em.
It's not about
education or economics.
It's character, my friend.
Look,
[ soft scoff ]
you're my client, man.
I got your back.
I'm gonna do everything I can
to make sure you get off
for this crime,
but--
I know what kind
of man you are, James.
[ Vince Staples' "Fire"
builds ]
♪
Mm.
What's that?
This, brother.
♪
And no matter how hard you try
to convince yourself otherwise,
you know it too.
[ knocking on door ]
VINCE: ♪ I'm probably finna
go to Hell anyway ♪
[ door clanks open ]
VINCE: ♪ I'm probably finna
go to Hell anyway ♪
[ door clanks shut ]
VINCE: ♪ I'm probably finna
go to Hell anyway ♪
♪
♪ Them Yankee hats remind me
of my younger days ♪
♪ Dog was a maniac ♪
♪ My mama had me where them
babies havin' babies at ♪
♪ My knuckles ashy
knockin' niggas on they ass ♪
♪ People smackin' never lackin'
road to riches is a path ♪
♪ Motherfucka watch your ass ♪
♪ And quick raised off WIC
whole bloodline Crips ♪
♪ You dig your own grave when
you fucking with the Lord ♪
♪ Catch a fade, probably
finna go to Hell anyway ♪
♪ I'm probably finna
go to Hell anyway ♪
♪
♪ I'm probably finna
go to Hell anyway ♪
♪